
Hello. I'm Rob. And this is Li.


Hello.


Now, the weather is so great today, we're outside on the sea, sailing in this beautiful boat. So Li, what do you think?

Wow, impressive. Rob, I didn't know you had a sailing boat. In fact I didn't know you could sail a boat.


Oh, don't worry Li, I know what I'm doing.

Oh mind that rock.


Whoa,phew it's okay Li. I'm in control, just keep your hand on that rope.

We've got the wind in our sails, the sea is calm. We can just easily sail around the island and be at home in time for tea.

Oh right. I thought our excursion was going to be trouble free, or plain sailing.

What? Plane sailing? We're not sailing any planes Li.

No Rob. Plain sailing. It's an expression used to describe an activity that goes well or smoothly and is easy and uncomplicated.

Yes of course. This sailing is going well and it is actually quite easy. So you're right. This is plain sailing.


But can we only use the phrase to describe sailing boats?


No. Although it was originally a sailing term, it can really refer to any activity. Listen to these examples.

Driving through the city was difficult but once we were on the motorway it was plain sailing all the way.

Once we found some office space and recruited staff, setting up our business was plain sailing.


So plain sailing means things are going well.

I have to admit Rob, your sailing skills are very good and, oh watch out for that big wave.

Whoa, ouch. Oh oh, I've hit my head on the boom. Oh no, we're heading for the rocks again. Hold the rope Li, quick quick.

I've changed my mind Rob, this isn't plain sailing anymore.

That's taken the wind out of your sails Rob.


Err, Li it's still windy. Look at the sails.

No Rob. That's another sailing idiom, to take the wind out of your sails is an expression that means your boasting and arrogance has been challenged.

Let's hear some other people using this expression.


I was all ready for a big argument but when he bought me some flowers it took the wind out of my sails.

The negative feedback from my boss has really taken the wind out of my sails.


Hmm, so Li you've certainly taught me a lot about sailing today. There are some really good expressions, but one thing you haven't taught me is how to sail this boat.

But you said you knew how to sail it.

Well when I said I had been sailing several times I had, but I meant on a ferry, as a passenger.

Oh, watch out.


That was close. I've a feeling this really isn't going to be plain sailing after all.


Too right. Bye bye.

Bye. Now Li could you just hold that rope there.


