


Sheldon, get up.     
What's the point?     
We're going to Houston.     
Really?     
Yeah.     
You and me are gonna give those space monkeys a little talking to.     
I often found my father to be a strange and puzzling man.     
but at that moment,     
I never loved him more.     
I don't see why I couldn't stay home.     
because we're having a fun family outing.     
Can I at least drive?     
She said fun, not tragic.     
Let's go to the ostrich farm.     
Cool.     
We can ride them, and then we can eat them.     
We're not stopping anywhere.     
We're going to Houston to straighten this thing out for your brother.     
then we're going home.     
Shelly, you doing okay?     
Yes, I just hope I don't get carsick.     
You want Daddy to pull over?     
I'll be okay.     
Oh, god, it's on my shoes, it's on my shoes.     
For pete's sake, somebody open a window.     






I suppose I could have been doing that to avoid dealing,     
with the fear of change.     
and moving would certainly be a big change.     
That's very astute.     
I'd have a new room in a new house,     
and the new house would probably have a different smell.     
and I probably wouldn't like that smell.     
because I don't like new smells.     
and I'd be going to a new school with new kids and new teachers,     
and I bet they'd all smell different, as well.     
Okay, now calm down.     
That's easy for you to say.     
Your olfactory senses aren't about to be assaulted by the state of Oklahoma.     
Okay, let's try a different approach.     
Can I take you to get some ice cream?     
I'm having an emotional crisis, Meemaw.     
You can't fix that with ice cream.     
Right, Sorry.     
You want to go to Radio Shack?     
Yes, I want to go to Radio Shack.     






